Get pip from wheel and install it during build (#412)
sclorg/s2i-python-container: src/README.md

    Set this variable to a non-empty value to have the 'pip' program and related
    python packages (setuptools and wheel) be upgraded to the most recent version

>     before any Python packages are installed. If not set it will use the default
>     version from the latest stable Fedora we have in the source repository in a form of wheel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    before any Python packages are installed. If not set, the container will use
    the stable pip version this container was built with, taken from a recent Fedora release.
```

If we plan to update once every year, it will not always be from the latest Fedora. What do you think of this wording?

* **UPGRADE_PIP_TO_LATEST**

    {% if spec.version == "2.7" %}
    Python 2 images are using the latest compatible pip release (<21.0) so this
    option controls update of setuptools and wheel packages only.
    {% else %}

>     Set this variable to a non-empty value to have the 'pip' program and related

Reviewer: The Python 2 description is too terse, it's missing "Set this variable to a non-empty value to have the ..." for example.

Author: Fixed.
